
page 1
My Style:
• I am a chill and relaxed person. I try to not take things to seriously.
 I don’t like to yell or get upset. I am quick to forget.
get people pumped up.
• I enjoy being around people in smaller groups.
• I love talking and discussing ideas with other people.
• I feel a responsibility to keep all my promises.
• I’m not confrontation, I try not to criticize others.
• I something happens I will turn the other check and forgive.
• I take 100 percent responsibility for my life so I don’t complain or blame anyone else.
What I value:
• I value learning. I think I love learning because I am always trying to grow. I try to embrace all
knowledge and truth and apply it into my life.
• I value humility. Humility is a hard quality to develop. It has been a focus in my life to develop
humility. I am not a naturally humble person but I try to work on that every day. I notice when
others people are humble and I gain greater respect and admiration for them.
• I value Integrity. I have always tried to be as honest and just in all my doings as I can. I always
give the other person the benefit of the doubt and try to always grab the shorter end of the
stick. It is hard thing to do but I pride myself on it.


page 2
Computer Science


page 3
Jobs I have had 


Deseret Industries
I worked on the the dock. In the summer of 2019. It was a good experience for me to work in the sun with a
physically demanding job. I learned how to interact and help people who donated items to the DI.

Harvest Right

Another physically demanding job. I worked here for six months. Harvest Right is a freeze drying company.
I helped build freeze dryers. I learned how to work with a team. Our work was evaluated as a team. How many
machines did we build. We where required to build so many each day. When another team member was sick or 
not doing their best that day, I gained experience helping team members so we can reach our daily goal.

Chipotle

I love Chipotle. Chipotle is a Mexican Grill. I worked mainly on the tortilla press. This is the first associate
a customer will interact with at Chipotle. I learned to greet customers with a smile and "Welcome to Chipotle
what can I get started for you" Here I learned more about how to interact with customers.


Why will people come to your site?
It will almost be like my own social media page. Include information about me!

What questions will your visitors expect your site to answer for them?
What different jobs I have had?
What I am like.

What types of activities will visitors want to complete on your site?
Just to browse my website.

What information is necessary to complete any actions your site offers?
Information about my different jobs.

Why will your visitors come to your site instead of another to get this information or complete the actions?
Because there will me more information about me on this website instead of my social media.